---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netapp-ontap_protocols_san_igroups Data Source - terraform-provider-netapp-ontap"
subcategory: "SAN"
description: |-
  ProtocolsSanIgroups data source
---

# Data Source Protocols San Igroups

Igroups data source

## Example Usage
```terraform
data "netapp-ontap_protocols_san_igroups" "protocols_san_igroups" {
  # required to know which system to interface with
  cx_profile_name = "cluster4"
  filter = {
    name = "igroup*"
  }
}
```


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `protocols_san_igroups` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `name` (String) ProtocolsSanIgroup name
- `svm_name` (String) ProtocolsSanIgroup svm name


<a id="nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols_san_igroups`

Required:

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name

Optional:

- `name` (String) The name of the initiator group.
- `svm_name` (String) The name of the SVM

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) Required ONTAP 9.9 or greater. Comment
- `id` (String) The UUID of the initiator group.
- `igroups` (Attributes Set) Required ONTAP 9.9 or greater. The initiator groups that are members of the group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups--igroups))
- `initiators` (Attributes Set) Required ONTAP 9.9 or greater. The initiators that are members of the group or any group nested below this group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups--initiators))
- `lun_maps` (Attributes Set) All LUN maps with which the initiator is associated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups--lun_maps))
- `os_type` (String) The host operating system of the initiator group. All initiators in the group should be hosts of the same operating system.
- `portset` (Attributes) Required ONTAP 9.9 or greater. The portset to which the initiator group is bound. Binding the initiator group to a portset restricts the initiators of the group to accessing mapped LUNs only through network interfaces in the portset. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups--portset))
- `protocol` (String) The protocols supported by the initiator group. This restricts the type of initiators that can be added to the initiator group.

<a id="nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups--igroups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols_san_igroups.igroups`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) Comment
- `name` (String) Name
- `uuid` (String) UUID


<a id="nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups--initiators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols_san_igroups.initiators`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) Comment
- `name` (String) Name


<a id="nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups--lun_maps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols_san_igroups.lun_maps`

Read-Only:

- `logical_unit_number` (Number) The logical unit number assigned to the LUN for initiators in the initiator group.
- `lun` (Attributes) The LUN to which the initiator group is mapped (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups--lun_maps--lun))

<a id="nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups--lun_maps--lun"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols_san_igroups.lun_maps.lun`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the LUN.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the LUN.



<a id="nestedatt--protocols_san_igroups--portset"></a>
### Nested Schema for `protocols_san_igroups.portset`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The name of the LUN.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the LUN.


