---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netapp-ontap_security_certificates Data Source - terraform-provider-netapp-ontap"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Retrieve Security Login Certificates data source
---

# netapp-ontap_security_certificates (Data Source)

Retrieve Security Login Certificates data source

### Related ONTAP commands
* security certificate show

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "netapp-ontap_security_certificates" "security_certificates1" {
  # required to know which system to interface with
  cx_profile_name = "cluster5"
  filter = {
    scope = "svm"
    svm_name = "tfsvm"
  }
}

data "netapp-ontap_security_certificates" "security_certificates2" {
  # required to know which system to interface with
  cx_profile_name = "cluster5"
  filter = {
    scope = "cluster"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `security_certificates` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_certificates))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `scope` (String) Set to 'svm' for certificates installed in a SVM. Otherwise, set to 'cluster'.
- `svm_name` (String) SVM name in which the certificate is installed.


<a id="nestedatt--security_certificates"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_certificates`

Required:

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name

Optional:

- `common_name` (String) Common name of the certificate.
- `name` (String) The unique name of the security certificate per SVM. This parameter is supported with ONTAP 9.8 or later.
- `type` (String) Type of Certificate.
- `svm_name` (String) SVM name in which the certificate is installed.

Read-Only:

- `ca` (String) Certificate authority.
- `expiry_time` (String) Certificate expiration time, in ISO 8601 duration format or date and time format.
- `hash_function` (String) Hashing function.
- `id` (String) Certificate uuid.
- `key_size` (Number) Key size of the certificate in bits.
- `scope` (String) Set to 'svm' for certificates installed in a SVM. Otherwise, set to 'cluster'.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number of certificate.
