---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netapp-ontap_security_roles Data Source - terraform-provider-netapp-ontap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SecurityRules data source
---

# netapp-ontap_security_roles (Data Source)

Retreive one or more security roles by filter

### Related ONTAP commands
```commandline
* security login role show
```


## Example Usage

```terraform
data "netapp-ontap_security_roles" "security_roles" {
  # required to know which system to interface with
  cx_profile_name = "cluster4"
  filter = {
    svm_name = "acc_test"
    scope = "cluster"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `security_roles` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_roles))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `name` (String) SecurityRule name
- `scope` (String) Scope of the entity. Set to 'cluster' for cluster owned objects and to 'svm' for SVM owned objects.
- `svm_name` (String) SecurityRule svm name


<a id="nestedatt--security_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_roles`

Required:

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name
- `name` (String) SecurityRule name
- `svm_name` (String) IPInterface svm name

Read-Only:

- `builtin` (Boolean) Indicates if this is a built-in (pre-defined) role which cannot be modified or deleted.
- `privileges` (Attributes Set) The list of privileges that this role has been granted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--security_roles--privileges))
- `scope` (String) Scope of the entity. Set to 'cluster' for cluster owned objects and to 'svm' for SVM owned objects.

<a id="nestedatt--security_roles--privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `security_roles.privileges`

Read-Only:

- `access` (String) Access level for the REST endpoint or command/command directory path. If it denotes the access level for a command/command directory path, the only supported enum values are 'none','readonly' and 'all'.
- `path` (String) Either of REST URI/endpoint OR command/command directory path.
