---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netapp-ontap_storage_qtrees Data Source - terraform-provider-netapp-ontap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  StorageQtrees data source
---

# netapp-ontap_storage_qtrees (Data Source)

Retreive one or more qtrees by filter

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "netapp-ontap_storage_qtrees" "storage_qtrees" {
  # required to know which system to interface with
  cx_profile_name = "cluster3"
  filter = {
    svm_name = "temp"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `storage_qtrees` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_qtrees))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `name` (String) StorageQtree name
- `svm_name` (String) StorageQtree svm name
- `volume_name` (String) The volume that contains the qtree.


<a id="nestedatt--storage_qtrees"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_qtrees`

Read-Only:

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name
- `export_policy` (Attributes) The export policy for the qtree. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_qtrees--export_policy))
- `group` (Attributes) The group set as owner of the qtree. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_qtrees--group))
- `id` (Number) The ID of the qtree.
- `name` (String) StorageQtree name
- `nas` (Attributes) NAS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_qtrees--nas))
- `security_style` (String) StorageQtree security style
- `svm_name` (String) IPInterface svm name
- `unix_permissions` (Number) The UNIX permissions for the qtree.
- `user` (Attributes) The user set as owner of the qtree. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage_qtrees--user))
- `volume_name` (String) The volume that contains the qtree.

<a id="nestedatt--storage_qtrees--export_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_qtrees.export_policy`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) The ID of the export policy.
- `name` (String) The name of the export policy.


<a id="nestedatt--storage_qtrees--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_qtrees.group`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Alphanumeric group name of group who owns the qtree.


<a id="nestedatt--storage_qtrees--nas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_qtrees.nas`

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) Client visible path to the qtree. This field is not available if the volume does not have a junction-path configured.


<a id="nestedatt--storage_qtrees--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage_qtrees.user`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Alphanumeric username of user who owns the qtree.
