---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netapp-ontap_cluster_resource Resource - terraform-provider-netapp-ontap"
subcategory: "Cluster"
description: |-
  cluster resource
---

# netapp-ontap_cluster_resource (Resource)

Create/Update a Cluster resource

### Related ONTAP commands
* cluster create

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "netapp-ontap_cluster_resource" "cluster" {
  # required to know which system to interface with
  cx_profile_name = "cluster1"
  name = "test_cluster"
  password = "Netapp1!"
  contact = "example@company.com"
  dns_domains = ["domian.netapp.com"]
  name_servers = ["0.0.0.0"]
  timezone = {
    name ="US/Eastern"
  }
  location = "office"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name
- `name` (String) Cluster name

### Optional

- `certificate` (Attributes) Certificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate))
- `contact` (String) Contact information. Example: support@company.com
- `dns_domains` (Set of String) A list of DNS domains.
- `license` (Attributes) License keys or NLF contents. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--license))
- `location` (String) Location information
- `management_interface` (Attributes) The management interface of the cluster. The subnet mask and gateway for this interface are used for the node management interfaces provided in the node configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--management_interface))
- `name_servers` (Set of String) The list of IP addresses of the DNS servers. Addresses can be either IPv4 or IPv6 addresses.
- `ntp_servers` (Set of String) Host name, IPv4 address, or IPv6 address for the external NTP time servers.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password
- `timezone` (Attributes) Time zone information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timezone))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The UUID of the cluster
- `management_interfaces` (Attributes Set) A list of network interface (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--management_interfaces))
- `version` (Attributes) This returns the cluster version information. When the cluster has more than one node, the cluster version is equivalent to the lowest of generation, major, and minor versions on all nodes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--version))

<a id="nestedatt--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate`

Optional:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--license"></a>
### Nested Schema for `license`

Optional:

- `keys` (Set of String) list of license keys


<a id="nestedatt--management_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `management_interface`

Optional:

- `ip` (Attributes) Object to setup an interface along with its default router. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--management_interface--ip))

<a id="nestedatt--management_interface--ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `management_interface.ip`

Optional:

- `address` (String) IPv4 or IPv6 address
- `gateway` (String) The IPv4 or IPv6 address of the default router.
- `netmask` (String) Input as netmask length (16) or IPv4 mask (255.255.0.0). For IPv6, the default value is 64 with a valid range of 1 to 127. Output is always netmask length.



<a id="nestedatt--timezone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timezone`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Name of the time zone


<a id="nestedatt--management_interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `management_interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The UUID that uniquely identifies the interface.
- `ip` (Attributes) IP formation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--management_interfaces--ip))
- `name` (String) The name of the interface. If only the name is provided, the SVM scope must be provided by the object this object is embedded in.

<a id="nestedatt--management_interfaces--ip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `management_interfaces.ip`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) IP address



<a id="nestedatt--version"></a>
### Nested Schema for `version`

Read-Only:

- `full` (String) ONTAP software version


