---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netapp-ontap_name_services_ldap_resource Resource - terraform-provider-netapp-ontap"
subcategory: "Name-Services"
description: |-
  Name Services LDAP resource
---

# Resource name services LDAP

Create/Modify/Delete an LDAP configuration for an SVM

### Related ONTAP commands
```commandline
* vserver services name-service ldap create
* vserver services name-service ldap show
* vserver services name-service ldap delete
* vserver services name-service ldap modify
```

## Supported Platforms
* On-perm ONTAP system 9.6 or higher

## Important notes
* Each SVM can have one LDAP configuration.
* The LDAP servers and Active Directory domain are mutually exclusive fields. These fields cannot be empty. At any point in time, either the LDAP servers or Active Directory domain must be populated.
* LDAP configuration with Active Directory domain cannot be created on an admin SVM.
* IPv6 must be enabled if IPv6 family addresses are specified.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "netapp-ontap_name_services_ldap_resource" "name_services_ldap_example1" {
  # required to know which system to interface with
  cx_profile_name = "cluster4"
  svm_name = "testsvm1"
  servers = ["2.4.6.9", "1.6.1.8"]
  skip_config_validation = true
}

resource "netapp-ontap_name_services_ldap_resource" "name_services_ldap_examp2" {
  # required to know which system to interface with
  cx_profile_name = "cluster4"
  svm_name = "testsvm2"
  servers = ["ldap1.example.company.com", "ldap2.example.company.com"]
  query_timeout = 5
  skip_config_validation = true
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name
- `svm_name` (String) NameServicesLDAP svm name

### Optional

- `ad_domain` (String) Specifies the name of the Active Directory domain used to discover LDAP servers for use by this client
- `base_dn` (String) Specifies the default base DN for all searches
- `base_scope` (String) Specifies the default search scope for LDAP queries
- `bind_as_cifs_server` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not CIFS server's credentials are used to bind to the LDAP server
- `bind_dn` (String) Specifies the user that binds to the LDAP servers
- `bind_password` (String, Sensitive) Specifies the bind password for the LDAP servers
- `ldaps_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not LDAPS is enabled. Only support ONTAP 9.9.1 or highter.
- `min_bind_level` (String) The minimum bind authentication level
- `port` (Number) The port used to connect to the LDAP Servers
- `preferred_ad_servers` (Set of String) This parameter specifies a list of LDAP servers preferred over discovered servers
- `query_timeout` (Number) Specifies the timeout for LDAP queries. Only support ONTAP 9.9.1 or highter.
- `referral_enabled` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not LDAP referral is enabled. Only support ONTAP 9.9.1 or highter.
- `schema` (String) The name of the schema template used by the SVM
- `servers` (Set of String) List of LDAP servers used for this client configuration
- `session_security` (String) Specifies the level of security to be used for LDAP communications
- `skip_config_validation` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not to skip the validation of the LDAP configuration. Only support ONTAP 9.9.1 or highter.
- `use_start_tls` (Boolean) Specifies whether or not to use Start TLS over LDAP connections

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) NameServicesLDAP ID


