---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netapp-ontap_security_role Resource - terraform-provider-netapp-ontap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SecurityRole resource
---

# netapp-ontap_security_role (Resource)

Create/Modify/Delete a SecurityRole resource

### Related ONTAP commands
```commandline
* security login role create
* security login role show
* security login role delete
* security login role modify
```

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "netapp-ontap_security_role" "security_role" {
  # required to know which system to interface with
  cx_profile_name = "cluster3"
  name = "testme"
  svm_name = "temp"
  privileges = [
    {
      access = "all"
      path = "lun"
    },
  	{
	    access = "all"
	    path = "vserver"
	    query = "-vserver acc_test"
	  }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name
- `name` (String) SecurityRole name

### Optional

- `privileges` (Attributes Set) The list of privileges that this role has been granted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--privileges))
- `svm_name` (String) SecurityRole svm name

### Read-Only

- `builtin` (Boolean) Indicates if this is a built-in (pre-defined) role which cannot be modified or deleted.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the security role.
- `scope` (String) Scope of the entity. Set to 'cluster' for cluster owned objects and to 'svm' for SVM owned objects.

<a id="nestedatt--privileges"></a>
### Nested Schema for `privileges`

Optional:

- `access` (String) Access level for the REST endpoint or command/command directory path. If it denotes the access level for a command/command directory path, the only supported enum values are 'none','readonly' and 'all'.
- `path` (String) Either of REST URI/endpoint OR command/command directory path.
- `query` (String) Optional attribute that can be specified only if the 'path' attribute refers to a command/command directory path. The privilege tuple implicitly defines a set of objects the role can or cannot access at the specified access level. The query further reduces this set of objects to a subset of objects that the role is allowed to access. The query attribute must be applicable to the command/command directory specified by the 'path' attribute. It is defined using one or more parameters of the command/command directory path specified by the 'path' attribute.

## Import
This Resource supports import, which allows you to import existing security role into the state of this resoruce.
Import require a unique ID composed of the role name, svm_name and cx_profile_name, separated by a comma.
 id = `name`,`svm_name`,`cx_profile_name`

### Terraform Import
 For example
 ```shell
  terraform import netapp-ontap_security_role.example role1,svm1,cluster1
 ```

!> The terraform import CLI command can only import resources into the state. Importing via the CLI does not generate configuration. If you want to generate the accompanying configuration for imported resources, use the import block instead.

### Terraform Import Block
This requires Terraform 1.5 or higher, and will auto create the configuration for you

First create the block
```terraform
import {
  to = netapp-ontap_security_role.role_import
  id = "role1,svm1,cluster1"
}
```
Next run, this will auto create the configuration for you
```shell
terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
```
This will generate a file called generated.tf, which will contain the configuration for the imported resource
```terraform
# __generated__ by Terraform
# Please review these resources and move them into your main configuration files.
# __generated__ by Terraform from "role1,svm1,cluster1"
resource "netapp-ontap_security_role" "role1_import" {
  cx_profile_name = "cluster1"
  name       = "role1"
  svm_name   = "svm1"
  ...
}
```