---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netapp-ontap_qtree Resource - terraform-provider-netapp-ontap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Qtree resource
---

# netapp-ontap_qtree (Resource)

Create/modify/delete a storage qtree

### Related ONTAP commands
```commandline
* qtree show
* qtree create
* qtree modify
* qtree delete
```

## Supported Platforms
* On-perm ONTAP system 9.6 or higher
* Amazon FSx for NetApp ONTAP

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "netapp-ontap_qtree" "storage_qtree" {
  # required to know which system to interface with
  cx_profile_name = "cluster3"
  name = "testme5"
  svm_name = "temp"
  volume_name = "temp_root"
  security_style = "unix" 
  user = {
    name = "nobody"
  }
  group = {
    name = "nobody"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name
- `name` (String) StorageQtree name
- `volume_name` (String) The volume that contains the qtree.

### Optional

- `export_policy` (Attributes) The export policy that controls access to the qtree. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--export_policy))
- `group` (Attributes) The user set as owner of the qtree. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group))
- `id` (Number) StorageQtree UUID
- `security_style` (String) StorageQtree security style
- `svm_name` (String) StorageQtree svm name
- `unix_permissions` (Number) The UNIX permissions for the qtree.
- `user` (Attributes) The user set as owner of the qtree. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))

### Read-Only

- `nas` (Attributes) NAS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nas))

<a id="nestedatt--export_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `export_policy`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The UUID of the export policy.
- `name` (String) The name of the export policy.


<a id="nestedatt--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Alphanumeric group name of group that owns the qtree.


<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Alphanumeric username of user who owns the qtree.


<a id="nestedatt--nas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nas`

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) Client visible path to the qtree. This field is not available if the volume does not have a junction-path configured.

## Import
This Resource supports import, which allows you to import existing storage qtrees into the state of this resoruce.
Import require a unique ID composed of the qtree name, volume_name, svm_name and cx_profile_name, separated by a comma.
 id = `name`,`volume_name`,`svm_name`,`cx_profile_name`

### Terraform Import
 For example
 ```shell
  terraform import netapp-ontap_qtree.example qtree1,volume1,svm1,cluster1
 ```

!> The terraform import CLI command can only import resources into the state. Importing via the CLI does not generate configuration. If you want to generate the accompanying configuration for imported resources, use the import block instead.

### Terraform Import Block
This requires Terraform 1.5 or higher, and will auto create the configuration for you

First create the block
```terraform
import {
  to = netapp-ontap_qtree.qtree_import
  id = "qtree1,volume1,svm1,cluster1"
}
```
Next run, this will auto create the configuration for you
```shell
terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
```
This will generate a file called generated.tf, which will contain the configuration for the imported resource
```terraform
# __generated__ by Terraform
# Please review these resources and move them into your main configuration files.
# __generated__ by Terraform from "qtree1,volume1,svm1,cluster1"
resource "netapp-ontap_qtree" "qtree1_import" {
  cx_profile_name = "cluster1"
  name       = "qtree1"
  volume_name = "volume1"
  svm_name   = "svm1"
  ...
}
```