---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "netapp-ontap_storage_qtrees Resource - terraform-provider-netapp-ontap"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  StorageQtree resource
---

# netapp-ontap_storage_qtrees (Resource)

Create/modify/delete a qtree

### Related ONTAP commands
```commandline
* qtree show
* qtree create
* qtree modify
* qtree delete
```

## Supported Platforms
* On-perm ONTAP system 9.6 or higher

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "netapp-ontap_storage_qtrees" "storage_qtree" {
  # required to know which system to interface with
  cx_profile_name = "cluster3"
  name = "testme5"
  svm_name = "temp"
  volume_name = "temp_root"
  security_style = "unix" 
  user = {
    name = "nobody"
  }
  group = {
    name = "nobody"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cx_profile_name` (String) Connection profile name
- `name` (String) StorageQtree name
- `volume_name` (String) The volume that contains the qtree.

### Optional

- `export_policy` (Attributes) The export policy that controls access to the qtree. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--export_policy))
- `group` (Attributes) The user set as owner of the qtree. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group))
- `id` (Number) StorageQtree UUID
- `security_style` (String) StorageQtree security style
- `svm_name` (String) StorageQtree svm name
- `unix_permissions` (Number) The UNIX permissions for the qtree.
- `user` (Attributes) The user set as owner of the qtree. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))

### Read-Only

- `nas` (Attributes) NAS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nas))

<a id="nestedatt--export_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `export_policy`

Optional:

- `id` (Number) The UUID of the export policy.
- `name` (String) The name of the export policy.


<a id="nestedatt--group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Alphanumeric group name of group that owns the qtree.


<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Alphanumeric username of user who owns the qtree.


<a id="nestedatt--nas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nas`

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) Client visible path to the qtree. This field is not available if the volume does not have a junction-path configured.
